(Go Won feeling HaSeul's warmth left in this airplane)
Olivia Hye: The ceilng is lower than I expected
(She's laughing without any words...)
Olivia Hye: She lost her words...
Olivia Hye: Actually, I was supposed to care Go Won today~
Olivia Hye: But I couldn't do...
Olivia Hye: They gave me a hot tea to drink~
(But looks exactly like udon soup...)
Olivia Hye: It looks like udon soup, but it's really hot tea~
(Olivia Hye caring Go Won after the shooting is done!)
Olivia Hey: It's done~
Go Won: Right, it's done~
Go Won: At first, I thought 'it's not as cold as I expected'
Olivia Hye: It's really cold~
Go Won: But it's ended very quickly~
(But it was only Go Won's thought!)
(Actually the hardest part of the shooting was left...)
(Go Won going across Iceland alone!)
(She has run a long time and it's fast forwarded, but it's far from over)
Go Won: I wonder why we keep running always
Go Won: Is it a part of LOOΠΔVERSE? I mean, running
'Of course!'